develop: update the third party support table (#15187) (#15379)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-third-party-support.md

         <td>N/A</td>
         <td><a href="/tidb/dev/dev-guide-sample-application-nodejs-sequelize">Connect to TiDB with Sequelize</a></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
         <td><a href="https://www.prisma.io/" target="_blank" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade">Prisma</a></td>
         <td>4.16.2</td>
         <td>Full</td>
         <td>N/A</td>
         <td><a href="/tidb/dev/dev-guide-sample-application-nodejs-prisma">Connect to TiDB with Prisma</a></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
         <td><a href="https://typeorm.io/" target="_blank" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade">TypeORM</a></td>
         <td>v0.3.17</td>
         <td>Full</td>
         <td>N/A</td>
         <td><a href="/tidb/dev/dev-guide-sample-application-nodejs-typeorm">Connect to TiDB with TypeORM</a></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
         <td rowspan="2">Python</td>
         <td><a href="https://pypi.org/project/Django/" target="_blank" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade">Django</a></td>
         <td>v4.2</td>
         <td>Full</td>
         <td><a href="https://github.com/pingcap/django-tidb" target="_blank" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade">django-tidb</a></td>

>          <td><a href="/tidb/v6.5/dev-guide-sample-application-django">Connect to TiDB with Django</a></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         <td><a href="/tidb/dev/dev-guide-sample-application-python-django">Connect to TiDB with Django</a></td>
```

         <td>N/A</td>
         <td><a href="/tidb/dev/dev-guide-sample-application-nodejs-sequelize">Connect to TiDB with Sequelize</a></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
         <td><a href="https://www.prisma.io/" target="_blank" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade">Prisma</a></td>
         <td>4.16.2</td>
         <td>Full</td>
         <td>N/A</td>
         <td><a href="/tidb/dev/dev-guide-sample-application-nodejs-prisma">Connect to TiDB with Prisma</a></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
         <td><a href="https://typeorm.io/" target="_blank" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade">TypeORM</a></td>
         <td>v0.3.17</td>
         <td>Full</td>
         <td>N/A</td>
         <td><a href="/tidb/dev/dev-guide-sample-application-nodejs-typeorm">Connect to TiDB with TypeORM</a></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
         <td rowspan="2">Python</td>
         <td><a href="https://pypi.org/project/Django/" target="_blank" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade">Django</a></td>
         <td>v4.2</td>
         <td>Full</td>
         <td><a href="https://github.com/pingcap/django-tidb" target="_blank" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade">django-tidb</a></td>

> <<<<<<< HEAD
>          <td><a href="/tidb/v6.5/dev-guide-sample-application-django">Connect to TiDB with Django</a></td>
> =======
>          <td><a href="/tidb/dev/dev-guide-sample-application-python-django">Connect to TiDB with Django</a></td>
> >>>>>>> ab6d71034f (develop: update the third party support table (#15187))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         <td><a href="/tidb/v6.5/dev-guide-sample-application-django">Connect to TiDB with Django</a></td>
```
